In this video, we’ll demonstrate how
to create a new Advanced QEM dashboard.
In Insights, let's create a new folder.
We’ll also enter a name for the folder.
Next, we’ll create a new dashboard,
select the Advanced QEM data source,
and enter a title for the
dashboard. Then, select Create.
Before creating a widget, we should
consider the questions we want to
address in our dashboard. Let’s say we
want to answer the following questions:
- What tags are included in our forms?
- What workflow is each tag on?
- What is the name of each event?
- How did users respond to each form question?
Now that we’ve identified our
questions, let’s add a widget.
Let’s select a table as our chart.
Now, the first question we want to answer
is, “What tags are included in our forms?”
So let’s add a column, and search for and
select the Analytics Tag Name attribute.
Great! Now, the second question we want to
answer is, “What workflow is each tag on?”
Let’s add another column, and search for
and select the Workflow Name attribute.
The third question we want to answer
is, “What is the name of each event?”
Let’s add another column, and search
for and select the Event Name attribute.
The fourth question we want to answer
is, “How did users respond to each form question?”
Let’s add another column, and search for and
select the Event Element Value attribute.
The last thing we’ll do is create a widget filter
to exclude tag names with the value Personal.
And, of course, we’ll enter a
widget name, and select Apply.